The movie starts by showing Xu Wenwu who is
alone fighting the enemy's army with the help
of the mystical ten rings and no one knew
where these ten rings came from. Those rings
had ancient and godly power and whoever wore
them became immortal. By using those rings,
Xu Wenwu had won many battles and at the same
time, he establishes his own organization
which he named the Ten Rings, With the help
which he conquered kingdoms and toppled governments
throughout history, and for this reason this
organization became quite famous all over
the world. Now after controlling the whole
world, in 1996 Wenwu started doing research
on a village Ta Lo, a village said to harbor
mythical beasts and powers. Now when Wenwu
was passing through a magical forest to enter
the village, their way was blocked by trees
and their cars falls into a ditch, but luckily
he get out of the car on time and he enters
the forest, where his way is blocked by a
guardian named Ying Li who tells him to go
back. Due to which there is a fight between
them and Yang Li gives a tough competition
to the Wenwu. while fighting they both fell
in love. Now Wenwu abandons the Ten Rings
and when the villagers reject Wenwu, Li chooses
to leave with him and they had two children,
Shang-Chi and Xialing. Now when Shang-Chi
was young, his mother tells him about a Great
Protector Dragon who guards their Village
Talo, and at the same time, she gives Shang-chi
a locket with a green gem on it and a similar
pendant to her daughter Xialing, saying that
it will protect you. The movie shifts
to the present where Shangchi
lives in San Francisco America changing
his name to Shawn. Now one day when he wakes
up in the morning, he finds a postcard on
his side table, behind which the Great Protector
Dragon is made. Now Shawn works there as a
valet with his friend Katy and both of them
are friends for the last 10 years. Now in
the night when Shawn and Katy are having dinner
with Katy's friends, Shawn tells how once
Katy saved him from bullies. Katy's friend
tells them to be serious in life. She tells
that Katy has a degree in Honors and Shawn
knows 4 languages ​​and even after being
so talented, you guys do the work of valet
parking. Now the next day Shawn goes to pick up Katy at her house
Now both
of them are going for their duty in a bus
when a man comes to Shawn and tries to snatch
his pendant.
and he hits the man with a punch and then
a fierce fight begins. Now Shawn is fighting
them all by doing Martial Arts when a man
makes them live on social media.
Then comes
the razor fist from behind, whose one hand
is a sword. Now the action starts again and
Razor fist and Shawn start fighting. The driver
of the bus passes out in all this and Katy
starts driving the bus. Now since the bus
was about to break into 2 pieces, Shawn
tells all the passengers to go to the front
half Shawn jumps
on the first half. Later, when Shawn checks,
the razor fist had taken away his pendant.
Now Katy asks him what is all this going on,
to which Shawn says that I will tell you everything
after I come back but at the moment I have
to go to Macau to reach my sister before those
people reach her. But when Katy insists on
him, he tells her that his sister had sent
him a letter a few months back and that the
men were sent by his dad. Now Katy goes with
Shawn even though he doesn't want to. Now here's
Shawn tells about his past that When he was
7, his mother was murdered by Wenwu's enemies,
the Iron Gang. Wenwu massacres the Iron Gang
and resumes leadership of his organization.
When Shang-Chi was 14, Wenwu sends him to
assassinate the Iron Gang's leader and after
completing his mission he ran away from there.
and then Shawn reveals that his name
is not Shawn but Shang-chi. Now finally both
of them reach Macau and Shangchi, looking
for his Sister, comes to an underground fight
club where we also see a small fight between
Wong and Abomination
After this, it is Shang chi's turn, and when he
goes to the ring, he finds out that his opponent
is none other than his sister Xialing. Now
Xialing starts attacking him and starts beating
him continuously but shangchi tells her that
their father Wenwu is behind them. He had
sent his men to attack him and they would
come to attack her too, Xialing ends the fight
by knocking him out with a kick.
After the fight when they all were talking
Xialing tells Katy that before shangchi left
he told her that he will be back in three
days but it's been 6 years till then and he
never returned and that is why she is so angry
with him. She tells him that she doesn't need
him now, shangchi asks her that then why did
she sent her the postcard to which she tells
him that she did not send any card and suddenly
they get attacked by ten rings. Now a very
intense fight starts here and during this
Katy falls down but the Xialing saves her.
Now Shangchi's fight is with the Death Dealer
and the Death Dealer was the one who trained
Shangchi in master arts in his childhood.
Shangchi defeats him too and was about to
kill him but just then Weneu stops him and
captures them all including the pendant and
takes them to the ten ring's compound. Now Xialing tells Katy that
she was never taken care of after her mother's
death. She was not allowed to train with the
boys but she learned everything by herself.
She ran away when she was 16 when she came
to know that her brother would not come back.
His dad wouldn't let her into his empire,
so she set up his own underground fight club
in Macau. Now at dinner, we come to know that
Katy's Chinese name is Ruiwen and one of the
Americans did not know the Chinese name of
Wenwu so he named him Mandarin and not only
this he had many names like Warrior King,
Master Khan, And the most dangerous Man on
earth. But everything changed when he met
their mother. After that, he realized a new
world.
Li had given up everything to be with her,
and so did Wanwu, leaving the Ten Rings. And
after that, they all started living happy
life. But after the death of their mother,
he was lost for a long time but now he knows
what to do. After both of them ran away, Wenwu
desperately wanted to connect with their mother,
so he again went to look for Talo village,
but he could not find the entrance there,
but he came to know what they are hiding.
On the other hand, there is a gate somewhere
in the mountains where their mother is waiting
for them all. He says that it is difficult
to believe this thing but once he was sitting
there lost in his research, then she talked
to him and told him that she needs his help
in saving her from those people.
Shang chi explains to his
dad that there is nothing like this, then
his dad put both pendants in the eyes of a
dragon statue, from which water comes out
and a map is made with a path that opens only
once a year that goes straight to that gate.
But to go through that gate, they must know
the exact time of its opening and now he knows
both. Wenwu tells them that's why they have
been brought there to help him. Now xialing
says that Talo will not let them open the
gate on which Wenwu says, then we will burn
the village itself. But when Shangchi disagrees
with him, he puts everyone in the lockup.
Now when they are all in lockup they start
hearing a strange scream and when they follow
that voice, they find a man named Trevor there
and this Trevor is the same man who played
fake mandarin in Iron Man 3. Now Trevor has
a creature named Morris who recognizes Shangchi
as he had grown up in Talo with his mother
but Wenwu picked him up one day from the Magic
Forest when he went to find Talo's door. Now
Morris wants Shangchi to take him back. To
which Shangchi says that that the way opens
only once a year but Trevor tells him that
Morris can take them there now but it can
be dangerous. Now they all take razorfist's
car and leave from there. when they are passing
through the forest, the forest tries to eat
them but they come out from there somehow.
Now a waterfall comes in front of them, through
which they reach Taco Village, which is very
beautiful. There they also see many Chinese
mythical creatures. Now when they meet the
people of talo Village, they tell them to
leave and were about to attack them, but then
there comes Ying nan, who is the sister of
shangchi's mother. She tells the people of
the village that they are our people and will
stay with us. Now She tells them that her
people have been here for 4000 years, protecting
them and their world from the evil behind
that gate. Shangchi tells her that his dad
is coming to open that gate as he feels that
his wife is locked behind that gate.
She then explains the history of Ta Lo that
thousands of years ago, the village was attacked
by the soul-consuming Dweller-in-Darkness
and its minions, but was saved by a Chinese
dragon called the Great Protector who helped
seal the Dark Gate to the Dweller's world.
According to Nan, the Dweller-in-Darkness
has been influencing Wenwu to believe Li is
still alive so that he will open the Gate.
She tells that her father is not the first
who is coming to open that gate, but for centuries
many people have failed by trying like this.
And one thing that was common in all was that
they used to hear a voice and promise their
greatest desire.
Now the training of all of them starts there.
Shangchi asks Ying Nan that only his mother
could defeat Dad, so teach me how she used
to do it and Ying Nan starts training him.
Now finally Wenwu comes to Talo
with his army and
fight starts.
Now Shangchi goes to stop his dad
his dad asks him will you stop me alone?
Now Shangchi starts getting loaded on his dad
but then his dad hits him with a super punch,
Shangchi falls into the water. Now Wenwu hears
his wife's voice, so he goes to break the
gate and starts hitting the gate, which cracks
the gate and frees a-creatures from it. Now
on the other hand a fight is going on between
the Ten Rings and Talo Village when Ying Nan
sees the creature. Now xialing tells Razorfist
that we have to fight this together but Razorfist
says that we don't need anyone and then that
dragon attacks him and Razor Fist sees that
his weapon is not affecting the creature.
Then Ying nan comes and kills it and Razor
Fist agrees to fight with them. Now many creatures
start coming towards them and they get ready
to fight with them. Meanwhile, Shangchi who
was drowning in the water hears his mother's
voice and then the Great Protector who was
in the water, comes out taking Shangchi with
him. Now the great war begins here and Ying
nan tells Shangchi that he has to stop his
father.
Now Shangchi goes to stop his father and they
start fighting there. Shangchi was fighting
his dad very well and he was fighting just
like his mother. Wenwu attacks from that ring
but Shanchi was now able to control the rings.
Now finally that gate opens and the Dweller
emerges from it, who first grabs the Wenwu
but before dying, he gave his rings to Shangchi.
Now Xialing brings The Great Protector, on
which Shangchi climbs up and they start moving
towards the village. Dweller was about to
attack the village when the Great Protector
with the help of water stops him and Dweller
starts getting weak due to lack of soul. But
then Dweller's minions start bringing him,
souls. Due to which power comes in it and
it comes out of the water. Now it attacks
the Great Protector and starts sucking his
soul, while xialing is also held by the dragon
and she tells Shangchi to leave him but Shangchi
says not again.
Now the kate shoots an arrow that hits the
Dweller's neck and it lets go of the Great
Protector. Now the Great Protector again entangles
him in the water and Shangchi puts his rings
inside the dragon
Now Shangchi
makes his final attack and breaks the Dweller
into pieces. Now the protector leaves them
with the villagers
when Wong
comes over there and starts calling Shangchi
name, he asks him if he still has rings? And
then takes them both from there and leaves.
And the movie ends here.